Within my program you can add items to a list by inputing the proper data under the add item button. Within the enter name box you will be required to enter a name between 2-256 characters. Within the serial number box you will be required to enter a serial number in the format of A-XXX-XXX-XXX and it cannot be a duplicate. In the price box you need to input a price within the format of x.xx and it needs to be greater than or equal to 0. If any of these requirements are not fulfilled an error will prompt above the according box. Otherwise the item will be added to the list. To remove an item from the list select the check box in the row that you wish to delete and click the remove selected item button. If you wish to delete an entire list simply click the remove all items button. Once an item has been inputted it can be edited if the cell is double clicked. The format for each cell still remains the same and if invalid input is edited within a cell it will not change and you will be prompted with an error. If you wish to sort the list simply click the title of the column and it will cycle through ascending and descending order. To search for a specific serial number type into the box under search for serial number button and input the desired search. Once you have inputed the data click the search by serial number button. If you would like the search by name type underneath the search by name button and click the button to search. To save a list enter the path and name along with the type of file you want to save it as and click the save button to save it. To load a previously saved file enter the name of the file with the extension and the path and click load list.